{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green35\blue37;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c18431\c19216;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh13700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A Developer is designing a fault-tolerant application that will use Amazon EC2 instances and an Elastic Load Balancer. The Developer needs to ensure that if an EC2 instance fails session data is not lost. How can this be achieved?\
\
A Developer is writing an imaging microservice on AWS Lambda. The service is dependent on several libraries that are not available in the Lambda runtime environment.\
Which strategy should the Developer follow to create the Lambda deployment package?\
\
A company runs a legacy application that uses an XML-based SOAP interface. The company needs to expose the functionality of the service to external customers and plans to use Amazon API Gateway.\
How can a Developer configure the integration?\
\
A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud and needs to build a managed Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) using AWS services. The solution must support the following features:\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0- IAM integration.\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0- Auditing with AWS CloudTrail.\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0- Private certificates.\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0- Subordinate certificate authorities (CAs).\
Which solution should the company use to meet these requirements?\
\
A serverless application uses an AWS Lambda function to process Amazon S3 events. The Lambda function executes 20 times per second and takes 20 seconds to complete each execution.\
How many concurrent executions will the Lambda function require?\
\
A Developer has recently created an application that uses an AWS Lambda function, an Amazon DynamoDB table, and also sends notifications using Amazon SNS. The application is not working as expected and the Developer needs to analyze what is happening across all components of the application.\
What is the BEST way to analyze the issue?\
\
A Developer is creating a web application that will be used by employees working from home. The company uses a SAML directory on-premises for storing user information. The Developer must integrate with the SAML directory and authorize each employee to access only their own data when using the application.\
Which approach should the Developer take?\
\
A Developer is creating a web application that will be used by employees working from home. The company uses a SAML directory on-premises for storing user information. The Developer must integrate with the SAML directory and authorize each employee to access only their own data when using the application.\
Which approach should the Developer take?\
\
A business operates a web app on Amazon EC2 instances utilizing a bespoke Amazon Machine Image (AMI). They employ AWS CloudFormation for deploying their app, which is currently active in the us-east-1 Region. However, their goal is to extend the deployment to the us-west-1 Region.\
During an initial attempt to create an AWS CloudFormation stack in us-west-1, the action fails, and an error message indicates that the AMI ID does not exist. A developer is tasked with addressing this error through a method that minimizes operational complexity.\
Which action should the developer take?\
\
A company is using an AWS Step Functions state machine. When testing the state machine errors were experienced in the Step Functions task state machine. To troubleshoot the issue a developer requires that the state input be included along with the error message in the state output.\
Which coding practice can preserve both the original input and the error for the state?\
\
A developer is setting up the primary key for an Amazon DynamoDB table that logs a company's purchases from various suppliers. Each transaction is recorded with these attributes: supplierId, transactionTime, item, and unitCost.\
Which primary key configuration will be valid in this case?\
\
An application uses an Amazon RDS database. The company requires that the performance of database reads is improved, and they want to add a caching layer in front of the database. The cached data must be encrypted, and the solution must be highly available.\
Which solution will meet these requirements?\
\
An application uses an Amazon RDS database. The company requires that the performance of database reads is improved, and they want to add a caching layer in front of the database. The cached data must be encrypted, and the solution must be highly available.\
Which solution will meet these requirements?\
\
A critical application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. A Developer has configured a custom Amazon CloudWatch metric that monitors application availability with a data granularity of 1 second. The Developer must be notified within 30 seconds if the application experiences any issues.\
What should the Developer do to meet this requirement?\
\
An organization is launching a new service that will use an IoT device. How can secure communication protocols be established over the internet to ensure the security of the IoT devices during the launch?\
\
A developer is running queries on Hive-compatible partitions in Athena using DDL but is facing time out issues. What is the most effective and efficient way to prevent this from continuing to happen?\
\
A Developer is creating a new web application that will be deployed using AWS Elastic Beanstalk from the AWS Management Console. The Developer is about to create a source bundle which will be uploaded using the console.\
Which of the following are valid requirements for creating the source bundle? (Select TWO.)\
\
A company runs many microservices applications that use Docker containers. The company are planning to migrate the containers to Amazon ECS. The workloads are highly variable and therefore the company prefers to be charged per running task.\
Which solution is the BEST fit for the company\'92s requirements?\
\
To reduce the cost of API actions performed on an Amazon SQS queue, a Developer has decided to implement long polling. Which of the following modifications should the Developer make to the API actions?\
\
A company has a large Amazon DynamoDB table which they scan periodically so they can analyze several attributes. The scans are consuming a lot of provisioned throughput. What technique can a Developer use to minimize the impact of the scan on the table's provisioned throughput?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A developer is writing an application for a company. The program needs to access and read the file named "secret-data.xlsx" located in the root directory of an Amazon S3 bucket named "DATA-BUCKET". The company's security policies mandate the enforcement of the principle of least privilege for the IAM policy associated with the application.\
Which IAM policy statement will comply with these security stipulations?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 An organization handles data that requires high availability in its relational database. The main headquarters for the organization is in Virginia with smaller offices located in California. The main headquarters uses the data more frequently than the smaller offices. How should the developer configure their databases to meet high availability standards?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A Developer is creating a serverless application that uses an Amazon DynamoDB table. The application must make idempotent, all-or-nothing operations for multiple groups of write actions.\
Which solution will meet these requirements?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A web application runs on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). A developer needs a store for session data so it can be reliably served across multiple requests.\
Where is the best place to store the session data?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A developer is looking to verify that redirects are performing as expected. What is the most efficient way that the developer can access the web logs and perform an analysis on them?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A startup is developing a prototype for a news aggregator application. This application will display the latest news for a specific industry and provide a RESTful API endpoint that clients can invoke. Where feasible, the application should leverage AWS's caching features to reduce the load on the backend service. The backend of the application is expected to handle a modest amount of traffic, primarily during testing periods.\
Which method would be the most cost-effective for the developer to implement this REST endpoint?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A Developer is writing code to run in a cron job on an Amazon EC2 instance that sends status information about the application to Amazon CloudWatch.\
Which method should the Developer use?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
The Lambda function needs to write this data to an Amazon DynamoDB table. After deploying the function, the developer notices that the write operations to the DynamoDB table occasionally fail due to throttling.\
What should the developer do to reduce the likelihood of these throttling issues without significantly over-provisioning the DynamoDB table's write capacity?\
\
An application uses an Amazon DynamoDB table that is 50 GB in size and provisioned with 10,000 read capacity units (RCUs) per second. The table must be scanned during non-peak hours when normal traffic consumes around 5,000 RCUs. The Developer must scan the whole table in the shortest possible time whilst ensuring the normal workload is not affected.\
How would the Developer optimize this scan cost-effectively?\
\
A company is deploying a microservices application on AWS Fargate using Amazon ECS. The application has environment variables that must be passed to a container for the application to initialize.\
How should the environment variables be passed to the container?\
\
An application deployed on AWS Elastic Beanstalk experienced increased error rates during deployments of new application versions, resulting in service degradation for users. The Development team believes that this is because of the reduction in capacity during the deployment steps. The team would like to change the deployment policy configuration of the environment to an option that maintains full capacity during deployment while using the existing instances.\
Which deployment policy will meet these requirements while using the existing instances?\
\
Question 36:
\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 A developer has deployed an application on AWS Lambda. The application uses Python and must generate and then upload a file to an Amazon S3 bucket. The developer must implement the upload functionality with the least possible change to the application code.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Which solution BEST meets these requirements?\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 An ecommerce company manages a storefront that uses an Amazon API Gateway API which exposes an AWS Lambda function. The Lambda functions processes orders and stores the orders in an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. The number of transactions increases sporadically during marketing campaigns, and then goes close to zero during quite times.\
How can a developer increase the elasticity of the system MOST cost-effectively?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A business is providing its clients read-only permissions to items within an Amazon S3 bucket, utilizing IAM permissions to limit access to this S3 bucket. Clients are only permitted to access their specific files. Regulatory compliance necessitates the enforcement of in-transit encryption during communication with Amazon S3.\
What solution will fulfill these criteria?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A critical application is hosted on AWS exposed by an HTTP API through Amazon API Gateway. The API is integrated with an AWS Lambda function and the application data is housed in an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance, featuring 2 vCPUs and 16 GB of RAM.\
The company has been receiving customer complaints about occasional HTTP 500 Internal Server Error responses from some API calls during unpredictable peak usage times. Amazon CloudWatch Logs has recorded "connection limit exceeded" errors. The company wants to ensure resilience in the application, with no unscheduled downtime for the database.\
Which solution would best fit these requirements?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A company has an application that logs all information to Amazon S3. Whenever there is a new log file, an AWS Lambda function is invoked to process the log files. The code works, gathering all of the necessary information. However, when checking the Lambda function logs, duplicate entries with the same request ID are found.\
What is the BEST explanation for the duplicate entries?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 An application serves customers in several different geographical regions. Information about the location users connect from is written to logs stored in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. The company needs to publish an Amazon CloudWatch custom metric that tracks connections for each location.\
Which approach will meet these requirements?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A developer is responsible for a business critical application that uses Amazon DynamoDB as its main data repository. This DynamoDB table holds millions of records and handles high volumes of requests. The developer must implement near-real time processing on the records as soon as they are inserted or modified in the DynamoDB table.\
What's the most efficient way to introduce this capability with MINIMUM modification to the existing application code?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A developer is using AWS CodeBuild to build an application into a Docker image. The buildspec file is used to run the application build. The developer needs to push the Docker image to an Amazon ECR repository only upon the successful completion of each build.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A Developer has used a third-party tool to build, bundle, and package a software package on-premises. The software package is stored in a local file system and must be deployed to Amazon EC2 instances.\
How can the application be deployed onto the EC2 instances?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A company has created a set of APIs using Amazon API Gateway and exposed them to partner companies. The APIs have caching enabled for all stages. The partners require a method of invalidating the cache that they can build into their applications.\
What can the partners use to invalidate the API cache?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A Developer will be launching several Docker containers on a new Amazon ECS cluster using the EC2 Launch Type. The containers will all run a web service on port 80.\
What is the EASIEST way the Developer can configure the task definition to ensure the web services run correctly and there are no port conflicts on the host instances?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A review of Amazon CloudWatch metrics shows that there are a high number of reads taking place on a primary database built on Amazon Aurora with MySQL. What can a developer do to improve the read scaling of the database? (Select TWO.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0Development team would use a GitHub repository and would like to migrate their application code to AWS CodeCommit.\
What needs to be created before they can migrate a cloned repository to CodeCommit over HTTPS?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A developer is updating an Amazon ECS app that uses an ALB with two target groups and a single listener. The developer has an AppSpec file in an S3 bucket and an AWS CodeDeploy deployment group tied to the ALB and AppSpec file. The developer needs to use an AWS Lambda function for update validation before deployment.\
Which solution meets these requirements?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A developer is updating an Amazon Aurora MySQL database to allow more clients to connect. What database parameter needs to be updated to support a higher number of client connections?\
\
A customer requires a serverless application with an API which mobile clients will use. The API will have both and AWS Lambda function and an Amazon DynamoDB table as data sources. Responses that are sent to the mobile clients must contain data that is aggregated from both of these data sources.\
The developer must minimize the number of API endpoints and must minimize the number of API calls that are required to retrieve the necessary data.\
Which solution should the developer use to meet these requirements?\
\
An organization is selling memorabilia that is illegal in specific countries. How can a developer restrict access to the website to countries where the memorabilia are illegal?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 An application asynchronously invokes an AWS Lambda function. The application has recently been experiencing occasional errors that result in failed invocations. A developer wants to store the messages that resulted in failed invocations such that the application can automatically retry processing them.\
What should the developer do to accomplish this goal with the LEAST operational overhead?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A company is deploying a static website hosted from an Amazon S3 bucket. The website must support encryption in-transit for website visitors.\
Which combination of actions must the Developer take to meet this requirement? (Select TWO.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A Developer needs to scan a full DynamoDB 50GB table within non-peak hours. About half of the strongly consistent RCUs are typically used during non-peak hours and the scan duration must be minimized.\
How can the Developer optimize the scan execution time without impacting production workloads?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A Developer is deploying an application in a microservices architecture on Amazon ECS. The Developer needs to choose the best task placement strategy to MINIMIZE the number of instances that are used. Which task placement strategy should be used?\
\
A developer is partitioning data using Athena to improve performance when performing queries. What are two things the analyst can do that would counter any benefit of using partitions? (Select TWO.)\
\
A Developer is deploying an AWS Lambda update using AWS CodeDeploy. In the appspec.yaml file, which of the following is a valid structure for the order of hooks that should be specified?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A team of Developers require read-only access to an Amazon DynamoDB table. The Developers have been added to a group. What should an administrator do to provide the team with access whilst following the principal of least privilege?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A Development team wants to run their container workloads on Amazon ECS. Each application container needs to share data with another container to collect logs and metrics.\
What should the Development team do to meet these requirements?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 An application on-premises uses Linux servers and a relational database using PostgreSQL. The company will be migrating the application to AWS and require a managed service that will take care of capacity provisioning, load balancing, and auto-scaling.\
Which combination of services should the Developer use? (Select TWO.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}